storage: populate `mz_storage_replica_metrics` using new `MetricsScraper` (#16604)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/system-catalog/mz_internal.md

`worker_id` | [`bigint`] | The ID of the worker thread hosting the dataflow.
`time`      | [`mz_timestamp`] | The next timestamp at which the dataflow may change.

### `mz_storage_host_metrics`

The `mz_storage_host_metrics` table gives the last known CPU and RAM utilization statistics
for all processes of all extant storage replicas.

At this time, we do not make any guarantees about the exactness or freshness of these numbers.

Field              | Type       | Meaning
-------------------|------------|--------
`id`               | [`text`]   | The ID of the storage object (source or sink).

> `process_id`       | [`bigint`] | An identifier of a process within a replica.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`process_id`       | [`bigint`] | An identifier of a process within a sink or source. Larger `SIZE`'s will have more than 1 process.
```

Reviewer 2: > Larger `SIZE`'s will have more than 1 process.

We are intentionally not documenting this fact!
